Target docs (#1)
lakshmisunid/dgs-idlm: docs/generating-code-from-schema.md

The default is 10.
This will help further limit the number of projections as well.

### Generating classes with Custom Annotations

> This feature provides the ability to support any custom annotation on the generated POJOs using the @annotate directive in graphQL.

Reviewer: `@annotate` can be in single quotes for marking it as a code snippet. This can be applied everywhere the annotation is referenced.

> The @annotate directive can be placed on type, input or fields in the graphQL. This feature is turned off by default and can be enabled by setting generateCustomAnnotation to true in build.gradle.

Reviewer: We can use it over enums too. We should add it to the doc as it would help the community knowing this. Referring to another issue that was raised on code-gen.

```groovy
generateJava {
    ...
    generateCustomAnnotations = true
}
```

> @annotate contains 3 fields:

Reviewer: Contains 4 fields - `target` too.

Author: Done

> * name - Mandatory field. Name of the annotation. Eg: ValidPerson. You can have the package along with the annotation name. eg: com.test.ValidPerson. The package value given with the annotation name takes precedence over the mapped package in build.gradle.

Reviewer: `com.test.ValidPerson`

Author: Done

* type - Optional field. This variable is used to map the annotation package in build.gradle. The package if given with annotation name will take precedence over this value. But if neither are given an empty string is used.

> * inputs - Optional field. Contains the inputs to the annotation in key-value pairs. Eg: inputs: {types: [HUSBAND, WIFE]}

Reviewer: `inputs: {types: [HUSBAND, WIFE]}`

Author: Done

> * target - Optional field. Refers to the site targets for the annotations. Refer to https://kotlinlang.org/docs/annotations.html#annotation-use-site-targets for the target site available values.

Reviewer: Pls use the [hyperlink](https://anvilproject.org/guides/content/creating-links) mode for markdowns.

@annotate definition in the graphQL:
```
"Custom Annotation"
directive @annotate(
    name: String!
    type: String
    inputs: JSON
    target: String
) repeatable on OBJECT | FIELD_DEFINITION | INPUT_OBJECT | INPUT_FIELD_DEFINITION
```

> Custom annotations specified in the schema will require corresponding Java implementations to be implemented by the user in their project.

Reviewer: Custom annotations specified in the schema will require corresponding Java implementations to be implemented by the user in their project.
```suggestion
Custom annotations specified in the schema will require corresponding implementations by the resolvers to avoid runtime errors.
```

Some examples:
```
type Person @annotate(name: "ValidPerson", type: "validator", inputs: {types: [HUSBAND, WIFE]}) {
       name: String @annotate(name: "com.test.anotherValidator.ValidName")
       type: String @annotate(name: "ValidType", type: "personType", inputs: {types: [PRIMARY, SECONDARY]}) 
}
```
The package mapping for the annotation and enums can be provided in the build.gradle file.
```groovy
generateJava {
    ...
    generateCustomAnnotations = true
    includeImports = ["validator": "com.test.validator"]
    includeEnumImports = ["ValidPerson": ["types": "com.enums"]]
}
```

> Generated POJO in Java. Please note that this feature is also available in Kotlin.

Reviewer: Bold this.
**Please note that this feature is also available in Kotlin.**

  public Person() {
  }

  public Person(String name, String type) {
    this.name = name;
    this.type = type;
  }

  public String getName() {
    return name;
  }

  public void setName(String name) {
    this.name = name;
  }

  public String getType() {
    return type;
  }

  public void setType(String type) {
    this.type = type;
  }

  @Override
  public String toString() {
    return "Person{" + "name='" + name + "'," +"type='" + type + "'" +"}";
  }

  @Override
  public boolean equals(Object o) {
    if (this == o) return true;
        if (o == null || getClass() != o.getClass()) return false;
        Person that = (Person) o;
        return java.util.Objects.equals(name, that.name) &&
                            java.util.Objects.equals(type, that.type);
  }

  @Override
  public int hashCode() {
    return java.util.Objects.hash(name, type);
  }
}
```

Example with target site:
```
type Person @deprecated(reason: "This is going bye bye") @annotate(name: "ValidPerson", type: "validator", inputs: {types: [HUSBAND, WIFE]}) {
    name: String @annotate(name: "com.test.anotherValidator.ValidName", target: "field") @annotate(name: "com.test.nullValidator.NullValue")
}

> ```

Reviewer: I think we can just prettify this for the documentation so that the new field, `target` is easier to spot.

Generated POJO in Java.
```
package com.netflix.graphql.dgs.codegen.tests.generated.types;

import com.test.anotherValidator.ValidName;
import com.test.nullValidator.NullValue;
import com.test.validator.ValidPerson;
import java.lang.Deprecated;
import java.lang.Object;
import java.lang.Override;
import java.lang.String;

/**

>  * This is going bye bye

Reviewer: Pls don't let it go! **No Bye Bye** :D! HAHA. Just kidding.
